=pod

=head1 NAME

PPI::XS - (Minor) XS acceleration for PPI

=head1 VERSION

version 0.910

=head1 DESCRIPTION

PPI::XS provides XS-based acceleration of the core PPI packages. It
selectively replaces a (small but growing) number of methods throughout
PPI with identical but much faster C versions.

Once installed, it will be auto-detected and loaded in by PPI completely
transparently.

Because the C implementations are linked to the perl versions of the
same function, it is preferable to upgrade PPI::XS any time you do a
major upgrade of PPI itself.

If the two fall out of sync, the integration between the two is designed
to degrade gracefully. PPI::XS is capable of determining which functions
are no longer equal, and will simple leave the perl version alone,
deleting the C version to free up the memory.

If the versions of the two get so far apart that they become completely
incompatible, PPI::XS will simply silently not load at all.

Beyond that, there isn't that much more you really need to know. :)

=head1 SUPPORT

Bugs should always be submitted via the CPAN bug tracker, located at

L<http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=PPI-XS>

For other issues or comments, contact the maintainer.

=head1 AUTHOR

Adam Kennedy E<lt>adamk@cpan.orgE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<PPI>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2005 - 2013 Adam Kennedy.

This program is free software; you can redistribute
it and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.

The full text of the license can be found in the
LICENSE file included with this module.

=cut
